Technical Skills (Trained / Project Acquired Skills) • Languages Known: C, C++, J2EE, Spring, Hibernate. • Testing: Functional Testing, Manual Testing. • Operating Systems: Windows & Linux. • Packages: MS-office. • Databases: My SQL & PostgreSQL.Education Details 
January 2013 to January 2017 B.E Computer Science and Engineering  RTMNU University - Jhulelal Institute of Technology
January 2011 to January 2013 HSC  Nagpur, Maharashtra Maharashtra State Board - Dayanand Arya Kanya Junior College
January 2010 to January 2011 SSC  Nagpur, Maharashtra Maharashtra State Board
Java Developer 

Java Developer - Inouvelle Ventures Private Limited
Skill Details 
J2EE- Exprience - 17 months
C++- Exprience - 6 months
DATABASES- Exprience - 6 months
FUNCTIONAL TESTING- Exprience - 6 months
LINUX- Exprience - 6 monthsCompany Details 
company - Inouvelle Ventures Private Limited
description - Nagpur.
1.   Project name: Stock Management System		December 2017 - Till Date
Language of implementation: Angular (Frontend), JAVA - J2EE, spring, Hibernate Framework (Backend)
& PostgresSql Database.
Role: Java Developer
Operating system: Windows XP/07/08
Description: Stock management System is Specially Developing for the Medicinal Market. This software is developing to keep the track of medicines, ailments, surgical Equipments, & also to keep the track of Wholesalers, Retailers, Employees, & Customers of the Company. Stock management system is the practice of ordering, storing, tracking, and controlling
inventory. Debtor invoicing software helps small businesses and freelancers keep track of company assets   .. Stock
management may also be called stock control, inventory management or inventory control.
company - Inouvelle Ventures Private Limited
description - Project Profile
company - Inouvelle Ventures Private Limited
description - Language of implementation: Angular (Frontend), JAVA - J2EE, spring, Hibernate Framework (Backend)
& PostgresSql Database.
Role: Java Developer, Manual Testing.
Operating system: Windows XP/07/08
Description: This Project is done for the Oldest Printing Press in Nagpur. The proposed web based Printing Press
Management System designed according to user and system requirement to fulfil the existing problems. This system offers the products and services that enhance organization growth, efficiency, and profitability.